challenges/dataStructure/tree/README.md, before:

# Stacks and Queues
<!-- Short summary or background information -->
## Challenge
<!-- Description of the challenge -->
- Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the node, the left child node, and the right child node.

- Create a BinaryTree class Define a method for each of the depth first traversals called preOrder, inOrder, and postOrder which returns an array of the values, ordered appropriately.

- Create a BinarySearchTree class Define a method named add that accepts a value, and adds a new node with that value in the correct location in the binary search tree. Define a method named contains that accepts a value, and returns a boolean indicating whether or not the value is in the tree at least once.

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- What approach did you take? Why? What is the Big O space/time for this approach? -->
- the BIG O for the method (add, contains) is O(logn)in time and O(1)for the space

## Solution
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST1.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST2.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST3.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST4.jpg)

Commit message:

the same of the reading tree but not working

challenges/dataStructure/tree/README.md, after:

# TREE
<!-- Short summary or background information -->
## Challenge
<!-- Description of the challenge -->
- Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the node, the left child node, and the right child node.

- Create a BinaryTree class Define a method for each of the depth first traversals called preOrder, inOrder, and postOrder which returns an array of the values, ordered appropriately.

- Create a BinarySearchTree class Define a method named add that accepts a value, and adds a new node with that value in the correct location in the binary search tree. Define a method named contains that accepts a value, and returns a boolean indicating whether or not the value is in the tree at least once.

- create method to the binary tree class called breadthFirst to return an array with the tree nodes values .

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- What approach did you take? Why? What is the Big O space/time for this approach? -->
- the BIG O for the method (add, contains) is O(logn)in time and O(1)for the space
- the BIG O for the method (Breadth first) is O(n)in time and O(1)for the space

## Solution
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST1.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST2.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST3.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BST4.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BF1.jpg)
![whiteboard images](../../../assets/binarySearchTree/BF2.jpg)
